Link multicluster docs to locality LB (#8569)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/multicluster/verify/index.md

**Congratulations!** You successfully installed and verified Istio on multiple
clusters!

## Next Steps

> Check out the [locality load balancing tasks](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/locality-load-balancing) 

Reviewer: Sorry about the lint error

```suggestion
Check out the [locality load balancing tasks](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/locality-load-balancing)
```

**Congratulations!** You successfully installed and verified Istio on multiple
clusters!

## Next Steps

> You can now configure
> [locality load balancing](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/locality-load-balancing)
> to control the traffic across your multicluster mesh.

Reviewer: This isn't quite true. Here you've only got two clusters, but to do the locality load balancing tasks you need 4 clusters with a shared control plane. Maybe something like this instead:
```suggestion
Check out the [locality load balancing tasks](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/locality-load-balancing) 
to learn how to control the traffic across a multicluster mesh.
```
